comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/database/DB.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.database.DB
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/SecondActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.SecondActivity
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/MyCodeContainerFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeContainerFragment
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/database/ToDoTask.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.database.ToDoTask
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/BaseActivityWithNav.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.BaseActivityWithNav
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/HistoryFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.HistoryFragment
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/MyCodeFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment$3
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment$4
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment$4$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment$4$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MyCodeFragment$5
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/BuildConfig.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.BuildConfig
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/utils/Tools.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.utils.Tools
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/BaseActivityWithoutNav.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.BaseActivityWithoutNav
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/CaptureActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CaptureActivity
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CaptureActivity$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CaptureActivity$2
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/database/ToDoTaskDB.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.database.ToDoTaskDB
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/Event.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.Event
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/ScanFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.ScanFragment
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/CreateAccountActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateAccountActivity
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/utils/HistoryItemAdapter.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.utils.HistoryItemAdapter
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/utils/ActivityResultCallbackFactory.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.utils.ActivityResultCallbackFactory
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/HomeNormalFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.HomeNormalFragment
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/CreateEventFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$10
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$3
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$4
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$5
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$6
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$7
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$8
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CreateEventFragment$9
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/utils/MyActivityResultCallback.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.utils.MyActivityResultCallback
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/AccountFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.AccountFragment
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/MapActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MapActivity
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/BaseActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.BaseActivity
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/database/HistoryItemDao.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.database.HistoryItemDao
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/CustomArrayAdapter.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CustomArrayAdapter
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/ViewEventFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.ViewEventFragment
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/view/TitleBarLayout.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.view.TitleBarLayout
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/database/ToDoTaskDao.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.database.ToDoTaskDao
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/database/HistoryItem.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.database.HistoryItem
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/view/NavigationBar.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.view.NavigationBar
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/SignInActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.SignInActivity
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/CheckInSuccessFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CheckInSuccessFragment
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/ScanActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.ScanActivity
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/MainActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MainActivity
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MainActivity$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.MainActivity$ViewPagerAdapter
comp5216/sydney/edu/au/checkme/activity/CheckInFailFragment.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.au.checkme.activity.CheckInFailFragment
